### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL? 

Postgres is an object relational database mangement system.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

PostgreSQL is a management system for database. SQL is readable language for relational database.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

psql my_database_name

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

"HAVING" is used with "GROUP BY" to decide which group to keep. WHERE is filtered on what rows are included.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

INNER shows the rows that match in each table. OUTER shows the first table rows and combines the rows that match the first table. This can change from the left table or the right table, then Full is all rows from both tables.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

LEFT OUTER shows the first table with the matching rows of the second table. RIGHT OUTER shows the second table with matching rows of the first table. 

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

Object Relational Mapping. Its the map that shares tables to relational database

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

AJAX works on the client side, can be faster and easy to use, doesnt involve Flask in the API. Server side can be easier for server to storre and process, Same origin policy can prevent browser request, and Password is not visible in API unlike client side which can be seen through JS.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

Cross Site Request Forgery, a token that has been generated by the server when a form is shown, it is then checked by the server on form submission.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?

To hide to hide the CSRF Token so no one can use the token in your application
